LSIF: Cross-repository database to target Postgres (#5740)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/external_database.md

You can use your own PostgreSQL server with Sourcegraph if you wish. For example, you may prefer this if you already have existing backup infrastructure around your own PostgreSQL server.

> Prior to 3.9, Sourcegraph used a single database within PostgreSQL. As of version 3.9, it requires a second database, `sourcegraph_lsif`, which is automatically created as part of the frontend migration. The name of this database is non-configurable. This second database is a sibling to the original in the same PostgreSQL instance. This necessitates that the configured PostgreSQL user has sufficient grants to perform the `CREATE DATABASE` query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior to 3.9, Sourcegraph used a single database within PostgreSQL. As of version 3.9, it uses a second database, `sourcegraph_lsif`, which is automatically created upon upgrading. Both databases are in the same Postgres instance, which should be dedicated to just Sourcegraph. The configured PostgreSQL user must have sufficient permission to perform the `CREATE DATABASE` query.
```

Reviewer: Also copy this line into the CHANGELOG.md

Author: The entire paragraph?

Reviewer: I pushed a commit to add an entry just now with what I would write -- feel free to adjust as you see fit.
